DITA migration changes and addition of new content (#4370)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/security/ref-security-operation-use-cases.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="ref-security-operation-use-cases"]

= Security operations use cases

> The following security operations use cases benefit from automation with F5 and Event-Driven Ansible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following security operations use cases benefit from automation with F5 and {EDAName}:
```
